{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh10700\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 There are large racial disparities in the murder data of Philadelphia. In June, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2018/investigations/unsolved-homicide-database/?utm_term=.cf98b281858f&city=philadelphia"}}{\fldrslt The Washington Post published}} a story analyzing the arrest record for murder cases in cities across the country. For this piece, I used the data collected by The Washington Post from the medical examiners office in Philadelphia. \
\
While the data was already well-maintained by the data team at WaPo, I had to do a little cleaning to remove some errant data from 2017 as well as some mis-categorized racial designations. After that, I was able to jump right in to analysis. \
\
I found that \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Philadelphia had around 3035 murders between 2007-2016. Philly P.D. closed 55% of those cases, while 45% of them resulted in no arrest. While African-Americans represent around 43% of the population of Philadelphia, about the same as whites, they represent about 78% of the murders. For white victims, only 23% of cases are unsolved, but for black victims that number raises to almost 44% \
\
Nice to have:\
- Graph of racial demographics of Philadelphia\
- More complete analysis of percentages\
- Clarify the size of the bar charts (put numbers on the end)}